[monitoring]
s117.okserver.org hosted=aws

[docker-host]
s125.okserver.org hosted=aws

[openspending-web]
s133.okserver.org hosted=aws

[openspending-solr]
s139.okserver.org hosted=aws

[ckan-web-dev]
s083.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s084.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s099.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s107.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s130.okserver.org hosted=linode
s137.okserver.org hosted=linode
s141.okserver.org hosted=linode

[ckan-db-dev]
s085.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s130.okserver.org hosted=linode
s137.okserver.org hosted=linode
s141.okserver.org hosted=linode

[ckan-web-prod]
s079.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s086.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s102.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s107.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s122.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s128.okserver.org hosted=linode
s131.okserver.org hosted=aws
s132.okserver.org hosted=linode

[ckan-db-prod]
s076.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s078.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s103.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s108.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s123.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s124.okserver.org hosted=linode
s129.okserver.org hosted=linode
s131.okserver.org hosted=aws

[ckan-solr-prod]
s076.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s078.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s085.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s103.okserver.org hosted=rackspace
s108.okserver.org hosted=rackspace-managed
s131.okserver.org hosted=linode
s141.okserver.org hosted=linode

[ckan-packaging]
s138.okserver.org hosted=digital-ocean

[listserv]
s116.okserver.org hosted=bytemark

[backup]
s134.okserver.org hosted=aws

[rt]
s136.okserver.org hosted=aws

[wiki]
s135.okserver.org hosted=aws

[omeka]
s140.okserver.org hosted=digital-ocean

[labs]
s110.okserver.org hosted=hetzner

[rt]
s136.okserver.org hosted=aws

[openspending:children]
openspending-solr
openspending-web

[ckan:children]
ckan-web-dev
ckan-db-dev
ckan-web-prod
ckan-db-prod
ckan-packaging
ckan-solr-prod

[test-group:children]
backup
labs

[sysadmin-servers:children]
wiki
backup
labs
listserv
docker-host
omeka

[sysadmin-web:children]
wiki
listserv
omeka

[webservers:children]
ckan-web-dev
ckan-web-prod
openspending-web
wiki
labs
listserv
rt

[dbservers:children]
ckan-db-prod
ckan-db-dev

[solrservers:children]
openspending-solr
ckan-solr-prod

# vim:ft=ini
